[clang-tidy] Added check 'misc-override-with-different-visibility' (#140086)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/clang-tidy/checks/misc/override-with-different-visibility.rst

    // private inheritance
  };

  class D: private A {
  public:
    void f_pub(); // warning: changed visibility from private to public
                  // 'f_pub' would have private access but is forced to be
                  // public
  };

If the visibility is changed in this way, it can indicate bad design or
programming error.

If a virtual function is private in a subclass but public in the base class, it
can still be accessed from a pointer to the subclass if the pointer is converted
to the base type. Probably private inheritance can be used instead.

A protected virtual function that is made public in a subclass may have valid
use cases but similar (not exactly same) effect can be achieved with the
``using`` keyword.

Options
-------

.. option:: DisallowedVisibilityChange

  Controls what kind of change to the visibility will be detected by the check.
  Possible values are `any`, `widening`, `narrowing`. For example the
  `widening` option will produce warning only if the visibility is changed
  from more restrictive (``private``) to less restrictive (``public``).
  Default value is `any`.

.. option:: CheckDestructors

>   If turned on, the check does apply to destructors too. Otherwise destructors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If `true`, the check does apply to destructors too. Otherwise destructors
```

  are ignored by the check.
  Default value is `false`.

.. option:: CheckOperators

>   If turned on, the check does apply to overloaded C++ operators (as virtual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If `true`, the check does apply to overloaded C++ operators (as virtual
```
